My God in Heaven, the
Key stands before you!
The time for purging has come!
(grim dramatic music)
As of this exact moment,
the God of High School
tournament has come to an end.
(all gasping)
[Mira] What is that?
(creatures shrieking)
Our great God, who was
and is and is to come.
Our omnipotent God and
king shall at last descend!
Upon us is both the
beginning and the end!
-(god roaring)
-(intense dramatic music)
(singers singing in
foreign language)
(air whooshing)
(god roaring)
God, in your great
mercy, accept us!
-(Hyangdan sobbing)
-(somber music)
[Jaesan] My grandson.
I will avenge you.
I promise.
Even if it costs me my life.
(energetic electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ I'm running my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping your secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You building me up now ♪
♪ 'Til your walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not
letting go, oh oh ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're fast, then you're
slow, slow, slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go, go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(gentle somber music)
(rain pattering)
Mommy?
You're coming with
me, aren't you?
Jegal.
I want you to go and live a
good life for Mommy, 'kay?
(Jegal's mother
chuckling softly)
Right, got it.
The deposit's been
made into the account.
Frankly, blood relations
are worth nothing.
The only way I measure
someone's worth
is through their abilities
and their strength.
You have all the
qualifications to be my heir,
who will inherit
everything I've worked for.
Remember this well.
People like her are
what we call losers.
-Say you're sorry!
-(blows thudding)
Say it!
Say you're sorry!
-Hey, what's going on?
-(Ilpyo grunting)
-Calm down!
-Let me go!
[Guard] I said calm down!
(Ilpyo yelling)
(Jegal groaning)
Losers want to find
someone or some reason
to blame for their defeat.
Winners do no such thing.
From they beginning,
they believe in
and own their claim to
victory and make it happen.
(energy whooshing)
And winners do that, no
matter what it takes.
(energy whooshing)
Yeah, I already know
all this, Father.
Don't worry, I won't be a loser.
The one who will claim
your power, your money,
and everything you've worked
your entire life to build
(loud thudding)
is me!
-(Ilpyo gasping)
-(tense dramatic music)
-(tentacles whooshing)
-(Ilpyo grunting)
(Ilpyo grunting)
-(explosion booming)
-(Ilpyo grunting)
-(Ilpyo yelping)
-(tentacles whooshing)
-(Ilpyo panting)
-(air whooshing)
-(Jegal grunting)
-(air booming)
-(kicks thudding)
-(both grunting)
(footsteps stomping)
(hand crashing)
-(Ilpyo grunting)
-(flesh squishing)
(Ilpyo grunting)
(punch thudding)
(Ilpyo growling)
-(air whooshing)
-(blows thudding)
(Ilpyo growling)
We're the same.
When it's all said and done,
you're a beast as well!
(Ilpyo growling)
Seungah!
(gasping) What happened?
-(Seungyeon gasping)
-Ilpyo...
Ilpyo, where did he...
-(Changsik crashing)
-(Changsik roaring)
(air whooshing)
-50 million!
-(explosion booming)
-60 million!
-(scythe whooshing)
70 mill!
80 mill!
Oh yeah, keep 'em comin'!
Changsik, now!
(Changsik roaring)
-(air whooshing)
-(O grunting)
(air whooshing)
(fire whooshing)
(grunting) What is that?
(air whooshing)
(energy booming)
Ah!
That's right, Mujin, you
showed up late yet again!
I'm warning you, if you
make contact with the Key,
not a single shred of
this world will be left!
Everything will be destroyed!
-(energy crackling)
-(intense dramatic music)
(chuckling) Correct!
That's exactly what we want.
(all panting)
-Huh?
-What in the world?
Is that someone's Charyeok?
(Mori gasping)
-(loud crashing)
-Huh?
(explosion booming)
-(Jegal grunting)
-(body thudding)
(Jegal groaning)
(intense energetic music)
-(blows thudding)
-(air whooshing)
-(both grunting)
(Jegal yelping)
-(Jegal grunting)
-(Jegal thudding)
-(punches thudding)
-(Jegal grunting)
(Ilpyo yelling)
(punch thudding)
[Jegal's Father]
Remember this well.
People like her are
what we call losers.
(chuckling) Well, I guess-
-(energy whooshing)
-(intense rock music)
(air whooshing)
(creature snarling)
It's a good thing
I'm not a loser!
Ilpyo!
(flesh squishing)
(creature crashing)
(goo squishing)
(air booming)
(air whooshing)
(heavy thudding)
The Key
has awakened!
-(Jegal grunting)
-(body crashing)
(Ilpyo groaning)
(flesh squishing)
(intense rock music)
Hm...
(tongue squishing)
(air whooshing)
Finders Keepers, the Key's mine!
(flesh squishing)
(air whooshing)
Shit!
(blow crashing)
(Hallyang grunting)
-(blow thudding)
-(Hallyang grunting)
-(blow crashing)
-(Bongchim grunting)
-(blows thudding)
(energy booming)
The Key.
Finally!
-(blow thudding)
-(Mori yelling)
Is this what they were
after this whole time?
Hey!
[Mira] Wake up!
(Mira gasping)
He's losing so much blood the
nano-machines can't keep up!
(energy crackling)
(metal thudding)
(energy booming)
-(energy booming)
-(asphalt cracking)
(Mujin grunting)
We have no choice but to
call off our alliance.
It's a shame, Assemblyman Park,
the US is not a nation
that yields so willingly.
(case cracking)
With modern science,
the power of an
old-world god is nothing,
and I'm going to prove to you
just how meaningless it is.
-(plane humming)
-(tense music)
Nothing personal,
but this is our duty
as the guardians of this world.
You understand.
(missiles whooshing)
Nuclear missile
launch confirmed!
567 of 'em and they're
all targeting Seoul!
Approximately 40 minutes
'til ballistic missile drop!
Mujin Park, are you trying
to wipe us off the map?
We're done for! (moaning)
Ms. President,
head to the bunker.
-(both gasping)
-What the...
What's happening here?
Damn it!
If I could break these
restraints, I could...
(Mujin grunting)
But I can only do that
if I have the Key!
-This is ERSS.
-(device beeping)
Can you hear me?
We've confirmed that the
US military just launched
a massive number of
nuclear missiles at us.
The situation is rather grave.
Damn it!
-Huh?
-(Daewi gasping)
(air whooshing)
You kids need to play inside
until I can clean up this mess!
-(energy whooshing)
-(tense dramatic music)
-What is it?
-Huh?
(Mori yelping)
(energy whooshing)
(missiles whooshing)
(dramatic thudding)
(eerie whooshing)
-(water lapping)
-(birds chirping)
Daewi!
Mira!
Ilpyo!
Where'd everyone go?
And what the heck is this place?
-Ilpyo!
-Oh?
-Huh?
[Hyeonbok] Then Jegal showed up
and all of us got
caught up in his attack.
And Ilpyo was, well...
Is Ilpyo...
Is he gonna be okay?
I don't know.
I think everyone
might've been sent here,
but I'm really not sure.
Whatever it takes,
please save him.
-(Seungah groaning)
-(Hyeonbok gasping)
[Mira] Seungah!
Charyeok: Haetae.
-(water whooshing)
-(Hyeonbok yelping)
(Hyeonbok gagging)
(pensive music)
That water's imbued
with healing power.
It should hold out
for at least a bit.
Whoa, that's your Charyeok?
Yeah, I was planning
to keep it a secret
until I'd fully
mastered it, but...
So how long does a bit mean?
[Daewi] To be honest,
I don't know exactly.
We need to find Mori
and the rest 'em
then get out of here, fast!
[Mira] You're right.
If everyone was sent here,
then of course that means-
[Daewi] Jegal must be here too.
(Jegal chuckling)
(both grunting in surprise)
Central Treasury, Sea of Blood,
Upper Venter, Cloud Gate.
Well, that should at
least stop the bleeding.
-Did Jegal do all this?
-(Ilpyo groaning)
To Ilpyo and his
teammates, and you?
He is very dangerous.
Ilpyo's been keeping
an eye on him.
(grunting) And on you.
On me?
[Seungyeon] He
said he wanted you
to get strong enough
to beat Jegal.
Pretty good, but it'll
take more than that!
-(blows thudding)
-(Mori yelling)
You can still get stronger!
(Mori gasping)
[Ilpyo] You promised
to keep that secret.
(gasping) Ilpyo!
[Mori] Are you okay?
(Ilpyo grunting)
(mystical chiming)
(Ilpyo gasping)
Where is it?
I don't know what that thing is
or why it might've
been inside of me.
All I know is I sense an
awesome power within it.
I want you to have it.
[Mori] But isn't this yours?
Whatever you do, don't
let Jegal have it!
If he gets his
hands on this power,
something terrible will happen.
(Mori gasping)
-(explosion booming)
-(Mori gasping)
We have breaking news!
Multiple unidentified flying
objects are approaching Seoul
according to Korea's
Joint Chiefs of Staff.
It's estimated these
Objects will reach Seoul
-in approximately 40 minutes.
-Come on!
-All those outside are-
-Move!
Advised to take shelter
in a sturdy building
-or the subway.
-There's no way
we can shelter any more people!
The shelter's bursting
at the seams already!
They'll have to
go somewhere else!
-(air whooshing)
-(tense music)
(weapon whooshing)
(O yelling)
(fire whooshing)
(air whooshing)
(creatures chomping)
(Changsik shrieking)
(air whooshing)
(Changsik crashing)
(O panting)
(air whooshing)
800 million!
810 million!
820 mill!
Why don't you just admit defeat?
(Mujin growling)
Give up, you people have
no hope of defying God.
Not in a 100 million years.
-(air whooshing)
-(frantic music)
-(Mari yelping)
-(Mari thudding)
(both grunting)
Where's the Key?
[Daewi] Hey man, I got no idea
what you're talkin' about!
[Mari] You know,
if you want people
to answer your questions,
you should try treating them
with a little more respect!
I'll ask you one more time.
Where are you hiding the Key?
[Daewi Voiceover] Is
this Key that thing
we saw come out
of Ilpyo earlier?
If this guy finds him,
this time he'll
kill him for sure!
Too bad, changed my mind.
Die.
(creatures snarling)
(water splashing)
(Daewi grunting)
Fang Tian Hua Ji!
(air whooshing)
Charyeok: Haetae!
(water whooshing)
(horse whinnying)
-(energy booming)
-(intense music)
Daewi!
Mira!
(Mori panting)
Where are you?
Daewi!
Mira!
-Where's the Key?
-Huh?
(Jegal chuckling)
And there it is!
Trust me, hiding it won't help.
Just run, Mori.
This guy's straight
out of his mind.
I don't understand.
I don't understand why
you've done any of this!
To Daewi, Mira,
Ilpyo, to anyone!
-'Cause they're losers.
-(Mori gasping)
Which means I can do whatever
I want, because I'm a winner!
In fact I'm gonna
become a perfect winner.
Yes, I'm gonna make
everything I want mine.
Starting with that Key.
(footsteps rustling)
-(people screaming)
-(intense dramatic music)
(boy gasping)
(energy crackling)
(Mujin grunting)
(energy whirring)
All this will at last
make you accept God.
Mandeok, Stop!
(energy whooshing)
-(kick thudding)
-(Bongchim grunting)
(energy crackling)
(energy booming)
(both grunting)
Hey, what the hell
is this power?
(energy whooshing)
(Mujin grunting)
I...
I can't do it!
-(energy booming)
-(shield shattering)
Our great God, who was
and is and is yet to come!
Our omnipotent God
shall at last descend!
Upon us is both the
beginning and the end!
-With the wing
-(Mandeok gasping)
-in my right hand,
-(both gasping)
travel far from here,
you hundreds of
thousands of pure souls!
-(people screaming)
-(energy whooshing)
(Mori grunting)
-(blows thudding)
-(both grunting)
(air whooshing)
[Mori] Damn it!
-(air whooshing)
-(Mori panting)
-(blow thudding)
-(Mori grunting)
I said hand over the Key!
-(Mori crashing)
-(Mori grunting)
-(blows thudding)
Jin Mori Original:
Blue Dragon Kick!
(energy whooshing)
(chuckling) Nice try,
now give me the Key!
(dramatic pensive music)
(people chattering)
Where are we?
-What happened?
-Where are we?
-It's dark!
-What's going on?
We've been teleported?
This can't be right!
Every citizen of Seoul's here.
The only one who
could do this...
Is that bastard Jaesan!
-(all exclaiming)
-(girl gasping)
Look over there!
-(people chattering)
-(missiles whooshing)
-Oh my God!
-What's happening
(footsteps thudding)
You teleported every person
in Seoul simultaneously?
That's quite an amazing
feat, Jaesan Jeon of The Six!
(dramatic music)
With the alchemy
in my left hand,
build in the name of
truth and all humankind
a sacred wedge that
can pierce God Himself!
(gasping) What?
(missiles shattering)
(energy whooshing)
(air whooshing)
(intense dramatic music)
(wedge crashing)
In the name of Jaesan Jeon,
Stardust, I command
you come forth!
(energy whirring)
[Mandeok] No!
(air whooshing)
(meteor crashing)
(shield creaking)
(Mandeok panting)
I'll avenge my grandson
by taking you with me!
(loud rumbling)
(shield shattering)
(explosion booming)
(air whooshing)
-(people yelling)
-(people chattering)
-(blow thudding)
-(Mori yelping)
(air whooshing)
(Mori gasping)
(wind whistling)
(Mori groaning)
What was all that about?
What in the hell
just happened to me?
(Mori gasping)
What, what is that?
(grim music)
(both gasping)
(singers singing in
foreign language)
(body thudding)
Where has it gone?
Where's the Key?
-(air whooshing)
-(Mori yelping)
Mori!
(Mori grunting)
(Jegal chuckling)
That's enough.
Mori!
-(both gasping)
-(creatures stomping)
(grunting) Damn it!
I'll take that.
-(Mori grunting)
-(tentacles squishing)
(Jegal chuckling)
That took a lot of work.
The Key.
(both gasping)
Damn it!
Now I'll surpass everything.
I'll be greater
than God himself!
-(Jegal groaning)
-(heartbeat thudding)
-(Jegal yelping)
-(heartbeat thudding quickly)
(Jegal cooing)
(flesh squishing)
(air whooshing)
What is that?
-(flesh squishing)
-(air whooshing)
(Mori gasping)
You're all you losers.
So die.
(light pensive music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together, not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la, la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la, la la la la la ♪
♪ Oh we lift us up high ♪
♪ We help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la, la la la la la ♪
♪ La la la, la, la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la, la, la la la la la ♪